[SimpleCalc] Add Figma file link (#111)
unoplatform/workshops: simple-calc/modules/Import-UI-from-Figma/Intro.md

## Open the Figma file and set up an account

> 1. Open the SimpleCalculator Figma file via [this link](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1301383094924667207/simple-calc-workshop).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the SimpleCalculator Figma file via [this link](https://aka.platform.uno/uno-figma-simplecalc-workshop).
```
